Add alt attirbutes for test docs sprint (#10670)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/user/files.rst

.. image:: images/file_menu_left.png
   :align: center
   :class: jp-screenshot
   :alt: Arrow pointing to the file browser in the upper left sidebar.

Many actions on files can also be carried out in the File menu:

.. image:: images/file_menu_top.png
   :align: center
   :class: jp-screenshot

>    :alt: A screen shot showing the File menu open including options like "New", "Save All."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: A screenshot showing the File menu open including options like "New", "Save All."
```

.. image:: images/shareable_link.png
   :align: center
   :class: jp-screenshot

>    :alt: A screen shot showing the Copy Shareable Link option in the context menu opened over a file, which is the last entry on the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: A screenshot showing the Copy Shareable Link option in the context menu opened over a file, which is the last entry on the list.
```
